Add cross domain linker update instructions (#1871)
alphagov/static: doc/analytics.md

Once this is done hits to that page will be tracked in both your local and the
named tracker, and sessions will persist to the other domain.

### Adding more domains to GOV.UK's cross domain linker

Once a service starts sending analytics data to the shared GA property and has configured their system to include `www.gov.uk` in their cross domain linking, we must also configure `www.gov.uk` to include their domain in our cross linker configuration.

> The change is straightforward, add the domain of the service to [`init.js.erb`](https://github.com/alphagov/static/blob/master/app/assets/javascripts/analytics/init.js.erb#L44).

Reviewer: This change might not feel straightforward, so we could leave that out?

```suggestion
Add the domain of the service to [`init.js.erb`](https://github.com/alphagov/static/blob/master/app/assets/javascripts/analytics/init.js.erb#L44).
```

Here's an [example of an earlier PR](https://github.com/alphagov/static/pull/1845) to do this.

Only the domain should be added, GA will ignore any path details e.g. `/government/service/`

Note that GA matches subdomains of any domains added this way. So `passport.service.gov.uk` also includes `www.passport.service.gov.uk`.

On that basis the simplest course of action would appear to be to simply add `gov.uk` or even `service.gov.uk` and then it'll just match everything we want it to. **We must not do this** for very good reasons:

- any link from `www.gov.uk` to a matching domain would have a URL parameter automatically added to it e.g. `https://something.service.gov.uk/?_ga=23.32423234.213.1.2213`. This could interfere with that site's own analytics.
- the client ID might be reset.

> Once the changes to the linker configuration have been deployed a PA will need to check that everything is working correctly. Since static PRs can take upwards of half an hour to pass CI tests, it's worth having a revert PR ready early on just in case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the changes to the linker configuration have been deployed a performance analyst will need to check that everything is working correctly. Since static PRs can take upwards of half an hour to pass CI tests, it's worth having a revert PR ready early on just in case.
```
